Warn customers about FQDN length and lowercase (#1835)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/server_security.rst

      $ chef-server-ctl restart nginx

.. tag server_openssl_fqdn

> .. warning:: The FQDN for the Chef server should be resolvable, lowercase, and should not exceed 64 characters when using OpenSSL, as OpenSSL requires the ``CN`` in a certificate to be no longer than 64 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The FQDN for the Chef server should be resolvable, lowercase, and have fewer than 64 characters including the domain suffix, when using OpenSSL, as OpenSSL requires the ``CN`` in a certificate to be no longer than 64 characters.
```
